the next wave of millionaires and
billionaires won't be programmers,
creators, or salespeople. They'll be AI
tool power users. So, I'm going to go
through 20 AI tools you can use to
become a millionaire without writing a
single line of code. These AI tools are
what my team is using right now in
dozens of my AI companies to increase
the output and stay ahead of the
competition. I'll even break down how to
package these tools into an offer you
can sell today. Starting with tool
number one, Manis AI. See, most people
just chat with AI and then give it stuff
and then take it and then copy and paste
and go do something with it and move
stuff around and create files and put it
in folders. Whereas Manis will do all of
that for you. I'm talking open up
browser tabs, save files, do research
projects, send emails on your behalf,
the whole freaking thing. This is the
easiest one to sell. Go to a business
and ask them if they want more
customers. They'll say yes. Then ask
them how they currently get customers.
Then go to Manis and have it do a deep
customer process. You can charge a
monthly fee to generate that list to
those businesses in chunks. Every month
you give them 100 leads, 200 leads, 500
leads. But Manis does all the heavy
lifting. They think you spent hundreds
of hours doing this and it took you 22
minutes. Tool number two, Gamma.
Essentially, what it does is it allows
you to create slides and documents from
messy notes. So, here's how you get paid
to use Gamma. Essentially, you can go to
companies that have training needs or
sales presentations and you can work
with them where they just send you any
kind of voice notes or emails or any
information about the presentation. You
take that and you design using Gamma
beautiful, persuasive, killer
presentations and then you get paid on
retainer to be their person that does
that. It sounds crazy, but if I'm in
charge of creating a lot of content
every month to train somebody or I need
to create custom proposals to my
clients, you doing that for me is going
to save me time and I'll pay you for
that. Tool number three, descript.
Everybody's creating content. Everybody
needs to edit that content. One of the
hardest parts is getting rid of all the
filler words. What it does is it allows
you to edit any video in text. You only
need to know how to edit a document and
it will edit the video for you. So, you
can get paid to edit anybody else's
videos. To sell it, you just go to
anybody creating long- form content.
Think YouTubers, podcasters, even people
creating social media content, and you
can charge them every month for volume
of content that they need edited. They
send it over. You grab their Dropbox and
you get paid on retainer to do that.
It's the easiest thing to sell because
everybody's doing it right now and they
know it's not really valuable and they
would pay you to take that over for
them. Tool number four, 11 Labs. This
one is OG. essentially allows you to
take a person and create a clone voice
and create AI speech output. I'm selling
this to real estate agents. I'm taking
their videos and their photos and I'm
getting paid to script high converting,
very powerful tours on top of those
photos and videos, but using the 11 Labs
AI clone for the voice so that I can
change what the person said to make it
impactful to help them sell more real
estate listings. The beauty of those
customers is their contact information
is on the internet. So you can just call
them and say, "Hey, I want to edit your
videos for your tours. I want to create
Facebook ads and use your voice on top
of those ads so that they work better."
I'll write the script using AI and then
get you to say it. You just need to
approve it. Full disclosure, some of the
products I'm going to talk about,
they're either companies I was a seed
investor in or they're companies that
I've built or I've collaborated with the
founders. But I want you to know they're
all tools that I use every day in my
life. I would never recommend a product
that I don't have personal experience
with and know that it can deliver what
I'm talking about. Speaking of tool
number five, Social Sweep. Every company
is looking for partnerships for people
to have access to their customer. You
can use this tool to find those people,
make those introductions, manage those
relationships. You essentially become a
relationship manager for these
businesses so they never feel like they
don't have enough contacts to grow their
business. I use this every day. I built
it originally for myself, but thought
other people need access. Here's how it
works. Essentially, it goes through
every contact database you got. think
about followers on social media, your
email, your LinkedIn, your calendar. It
goes through, analyzes all that and it
adds extra data that it has from social
media and builds a context engine of who
those people are. And then it makes it
really simple for you to search. I can
ask it questions like, who do I know,
Dan, that's been on Joe Rogan? And if I
want an introduction to Joe, please
write the email that I would write so
that I can get that introduction to
those people. You can use your network
to get paid to help people connect with
the right people. You can also get paid
to help other business owners that want
to activate their network by installing
that software with them, configuring it,
and running these projects on a monthly
basis. So, they always got talent.
They've always got capital. They've
always got resources. And you're running
it for them so they don't have to log in
and think about it. You do this as a
service and get paid every month for it.
Tool number six, trrenual.com. Imagine
if there was a way where you could take
a company's documents and internal
videos and then use that to create
standard operating procedures or
processes. So, the company built their
own internal playbook that is the bible
for how the company runs. That's what
trrenuual does. And you can get paid as
a process consultant to help companies
create these. Here's how you sell it.
You essentially go to a company and say,
"What process is currently frustrating
you about your business?" You ask them
for anything they got. You might even
interview them on a Zoom call and then
you can use trrenual to convert that
conversation into an SOP and then get
paid to deploy trenul within the
company. What you want to get paid every
month for, you want to be their business
process consultant on retainer, always
looking for other processes to take off
their plate every month. Think of it
that way. What is your new process? Let
me work on that one this month, next
month, next month. You might charge them
a,000 or 5,000 a month, but you use
trrenual to do all the heavy lifting. If
all this AI tooling scares you and
you're like a business owner and you're
kind of struggling to get your team to
adopt it, I spent the last five years
putting AI in every part of my companies
and I built a step-by-step guide so you
can do it for yourself. If you want it,
just find me on Instagram and message me
AI business and I'll send it over to you
for free. Tool number seven, Claude.
This one is wild and I'll tell you why.
There's different AIs for different
purposes. Claude is the best for writing
copy. It's the best for writing emails.
It's the best for creating YouTube
scripts. Here's how you get paid big
bucks. Okay, every business is trying to
create better ads for Facebook, better
emails for conversions, better landing
page for sales. If you sit down with
them and pull out the way they talk, the
way they think about the market, their
unique perspective, and ask Claude to
create those questions, you can get paid
a lot of money every month to create
those for them. And the best part with
Claude Co-work, check it out, recently
got announced. You can take that content
and load it into the systems for those
companies. I'm talking about loading the
emails, updating the landing pages, all
automatically through automation and AI.
It's wild. What do you think a business
is willing to pay to just have their
marketing set up and running on demand?
That monthly retainer is going to get
you rich. Tool number eight, make.com.
What it does is it connects all the
different apps in a business and makes
it all work without any coding or any
person involved. Here's how you get paid
top dollar. You go to a company and say,
"What's a process you're working on that
frustrates you? And would you like it
automated?" And they'll say yes. And if
you could get paid to help them automate
those processes, which you can, they
will pay you a lot of money. A lot of
companies have full-time dedicated
people when all they need is some
automation. You can charge a big upfront
fee for that first automation. Then you
get to learn their business and then get
paid a monthly retainer to maintain it
or create new ones. Tool number nine,
membership.io.
Essentially, what it allows you to do is
run really powerful, engaging, and
valuable communities for people as a
membership site, hence the name. What
makes it different than everybody else
out there is the feature sets it has.
The way it creates the learning path,
the way it helps people use AI to search
within the content. It's the most
powerful platform out there. How do you
get paid with membership.io? There's a
lot of people that have audiences. They
might only have 30,000 followers on
Instagram or 10,000 followers on
Instagram, but they don't know how to
monetize it. For you to come in and say,
"Hey, you have an audience. I'm going to
invite them to the community." Maybe you
have a free version with a paid upgrade.
I'm going to take care of everything.
I'm going to structure this. We're going
to build that community and you pay me a
setup fee and then a monthly ongoing.
The best way to do this is to get a
percentage of the revenue that you
create for them that's new. You're
basically unlocking a new revenue stream
for these creators and they don't have
to do anything different. Because if
somebody comes to you and says, "Hey, I
want to do all this work, but you only
pay me a percent of the new revenue."
Why wouldn't you say yes? Tool number
10, Buddy Pro. This one will change the
game for everybody that uses it.
Essentially, it turns what you know into
an AI clone of who you are. It's called
a digital twin. This is for the coaches,
the consultants, the experts that are
already selling their mind and their
knowhow and their wisdom. Buddy Pro
takes everything they've got and turns
it into a tool that you can then get
paid by other people to get access to
your knowledge. I have a Dan AI that's
not public that people pay for so that
all of my clients can talk to Dan at
3:00 in the morning while I'm sleeping
and it will give answers honestly that
are sometimes better than I would
because it has 100% recall and it's not
your normal AI chats. The way it works
is next level. You can get paid by the
coaches, the consultants and the experts
to set this up, configure it and then
manage it for other people. Again, it's
another revenue stream for those people
that they otherwise wouldn't have. It
creates a lower tier entry point for
people to pay them to get access to them
without taking any of their time and
it's really good. Tool number 11, chat
aid. If you use Slack, what chat aid
does essentially becomes this agent that
can answer questions for anybody before
the team needs to answer it. I'm talking
about like when is the vacation time and
hey, does anybody know where this
document is? Chat a does that in Slack.
The way you get paid to do it is just
ask a company, do you guys use Slack?
Yes. Do you have an AI agent for Slack?
No. Would you like one that does all
these things? How does that work? That's
what we do. You can get paid for the
setup and every month to help people
unlock the value inside of their Slack.
I literally consider Slack the brain of
most organizations, but it's where
information can't be found easily. If
it's been shared in Slack, chat aid can
find it. Tool number 12, Alley. Alley
activates the money that's already
sitting on your website. Essentially, it
can identify people that visit your
website and give you their contact info.
I know it sounds illegal. It uses the
same technology that Google and Facebook
and a lot of other ad platforms use.
Think of it this way. If somebody came
into your store and you didn't know they
came into your store every day for 14
days, wouldn't that tell you that they
probably want to buy something from you?
That's what's happening with your
website. That's what happens for a lot
of businesses website. People visit and
nobody knows they visited. Alley lets
you figure out who that is and gives you
their contact information. As of now, it
only works in the US, but most
businesses that install it can identify
500 opportunities, new opportunities
every week that is not in their sales
pipeline. So, you get paid to set up
this AI, manage all those inbound
requests, work those leads, and send
them over to the business owner when
they're ready to buy. and they close and
you get paid every month to generate
those leads using Ali's technology. Tool
number 13, Revio. What this does is it
consolidates all of your social media
inboxes into one place. Now, you can use
that for a lot of things. Most business
owners have missing opportunities that
are just sitting in their DMs or their
followers and they're not activating it.
Our teams across all my companies use
Revio so that we don't miss things. When
people message us, I need to know.
What's neat is you could go to these
business owners and say, "Hey, I saw
that you added 800 new followers on
Instagram. Did you talk to them?" No.
There's all these opportunities that a
tool like Revio will activate, allow you
as the person that sells that service,
the business owner to talk to them to
figure out if there's opportunities to
then kick over to them or you can
continue the conversation to get them to
buy in the chat and get paid for that.
And just like Alli, Revio activates the
revenue that's sitting in your DMs. Tool
number 14, Lovable. This one allows you
to build apps in tools without any code
super fast. Anything that needs to live
on the internet that's like an app, it
can do. So, here's how you sell it. You
convince people they need an app. No,
I'm just kidding. But like convincing
somebody they need to update their
website, convincing somebody they need a
better salesunnel. A simple example is
my friend that builds apps for business
owners. So, he went to a fitness guy
that wanted his own app for his clients.
He interviewed him, took the transcript
of that off that conversation on Zoom,
fed it into Lovable, it created the
product spec, it built it. He took the
link to the output, sent it to the owner
that he talked to, said, "Is this what
you want?" He said, "Yes, you can
automate that whole process," which is
wild. So, that's where it gets really
cool at scale. So, don't be scared of
this. Go try to find people that want
apps, use Lovable to build it, and get
paid for that. Tool number 15, your
Atlas. What it is is an AI voice agent
that takes all your inbound calls,
qualifies them, supports them, answers
their questions. If you want, it can
even book sales appointments at scale.
The coolest part, it doesn't sleep. It
doesn't have a mood. It doesn't take
vacation. And it never quits. I'm
telling you, businesses would love to
stop taking those calls so you can get
paid now listen to this by plumbers, by
HVAC companies, by local services. Why?
Because they only make money when
they're doing the work for the customer.
And every time they're taking calls and
trying to figure out what's wrong, try
to figure out if there's a fit, and they
could give that to an AI so that they
could go swing a hammer, do the
electrician stuff, set up the HVAC side.
That is valuable to them. And they will
pay you almost what a full-time person
could be making. And if you want to see
how big the market is, go call some of
these local services and see how many of
them have anybody even answer, let alone
have a good answer to any of the
questions, AI can do that automatically.
Tool number 16, Hero Finance. This tool
is cool. Okay, as somebody that is a bit
of a nerd when it comes to financial
management, it does what I used to pay
people to do for me. It manages
financial cash flow. It tracks your
financial health. It does what a good
family office/financial manager would do
for you. So, you can get paid to give
business owners and other founders a
clear view of their money situation and
charge them a monthly fee as their
financial adviser. You essentially can
build a financial plan for those company
owners in minutes. and it's going to
make you look like a hero. Tool 17,
Frank AI. This is where the future of
financials going. Essentially, AI that
can analyze your business's context, all
the transactions, all the financial
system for the business. People are
already paying 2, three, four, $5,000 a
month to have that level of analysis
that Frank will do for the business
owner that you get paid to do. So, you
just find the businesses that are
feeling like they're making decisions in
the dark. They don't have that level of
analysis that a CFO would bring because
they only have a bookkeeper. And you can
get paid every month to not only analyze
it, but to tell them how they can make
more money or save money. And if you
wanted to, you could get paid as a
percentage of money you either help them
make or save by the analysis. Which
brings us to tool number 18, Revy. Did
you know that in the credit card world
that the transaction doesn't go through?
Not because the credit card isn't active
or there's fraud on the card. just
because the transaction doesn't want to
allow it to go through because the
credit card issuers are responsible for
any payments they make that isn't legit.
What Revly does is it decreases the
number of credit card declines for a
business. So, what you can do is go to
businesses that have a lot of credit
card transactions and get paid to help
them recover money from failed credit
card transactions. Because a lot of
times the businesses want the money, the
customer wants to pay, but the
infrastructure is not allowing the
transaction go. So, you get paid for
helping them recover failed payments and
you get a cut of that. Tool number 19,
precision. This one is near and dear to
my heart because I'm a bit of a data
nerd. It's an AI that tells a business
owner what numbers are important, what
are things they should be paying
attention to, and it tells them every
day. Businesses pay top dollars to
consultants to come in and try to
analyze this stuff that they just don't
have to pay anymore. Get them to pay
you. Businesses, if you show them the
dashboards they could build, would pay
you for that. If you show them the
insights, they would pay you for that.
If you show them the prescription that
it tells the business owner, here's what
you need to tweak to improve those
numbers, they would pay you for that.
You essentially become a high paid
business consultant without knowing how
to improve the business cuz Precision
does it for you. You get paid for the
setup and the monitoring, the tweaking,
and then that report gets sent to the
business owner so that they can make
decisions based on the data that
Precision provides you. Tool number 20,
Chad GBT. Yes, you probably know what
Chad GBT is, but do you know how to sell
it? Most people still don't know how to
use it. They don't understand the
concept of a master prompt, they don't
understand how to set up custom GPTs,
they don't understand how to personalize
it, how to tweak it, how to use
projects. So, not only can you get paid
to set these things up for business
owners so they can feel like they're at
the forefront of AI, some people need to
start. And why not offer them that
service where you can say, "Hey, I'm
going to help you three, four, 5x your
efficiency with chat GPT and turn you
into a power user." Probably the easiest
one to sell. You may not be able to
charge a lot. Maybe a couple hundred
bucks a month to be available on call
and to send them training, but that
market is huge. When there's 700 to 800
million people that have an account and
use it almost every month, there's a lot
of people you could sell this to. The
way you sell it is you have them fill
out a form that asks them all the
questions about their situation and how
they use it today. that form then gets
fed to CH GPT that builds a lesson plan
and a structure and here are all the
things that I'm going to help you with
and then it sends it back to the
customer saying I need to get paid X to
set this up but then also every month
there's a monthly retainer so you can
call me if you get stuck on anything and
people will pay for that over and over
and over again you become their AI
expert and just a reminder if you're a
business owner and you're struggling to
implement AI into your business just
message me on Instagram the words AI
business or click the link in the
description and I'll send you a copy of
my free AI implementation guide.